---
layout: post
title: 2024 Résumé
category: Misc
tags: resume
tagline: self promotion
---

It's time for my yearly résumé update. This is not my entire résumé, as I only hand
out my complete résumé to verifiable employers for privacy reasons. If you are
interested in hiring me, reach out to me through a verifiable communications channel
(such as a company email address) and I will follow up with you personally.

## Profile

Passionate and dedicated student pursuing an advanced degree in Computer Systems
Technology. I have already gained over a year of experience with computer repair,
help desk and system administration.

## Education

### Durham College

- Advanced Diploma in Computer Systems Technology
- Graduating April 2026

## Skills

- Windows system administration and maintenance
- Linux system administration and maintenance
- IPv4 and IPv6 networking
- Cisco IOS and TP-Link Omada network configuration
- Virtualization in VMWare, VirtualBox, HyperV, and QEMU
- Laptop and desktop computer repair

## Experience

### Skyview Electronics (Junior Technician, Feb 2023 - Present)

- Diagnose and repair both laptops and desktops of various manufacturers and models.
- Successfully recover data from hard drives, solid state drives, and USB flash
drives.
- Perform on-site installation of network cables and equipment.
- Provide technical support to customers in-store and remotely over phone and email.
- Advise on and implement improvements to the ticketing and booking processes,
decreasing complications and wasted time.
- Implemented Bitwarden password manager internally to improve password security.
- Designed and implemented an Omada-based network architecture with improved security,
reliability and performance.
